hi there my name is Andrew James I'm the
road bike product manager at BMC here we
have the next model and our line up the
run for
gfo one gran fondo deify one was
released earlier this year he invited to
a standing success just before one of
the the hardest bike races or how does
one day bike races in the world Harry
roubaix this was designed not only with
with our team riders in mind but also
for every day commuter and enthusiasts
cyclists
the bike is designed from a very strong
base core you'll see it from the down
tube with a head tube down tube and all
the way along the chainstays this gives
us an immense immense least if frame
when we talk about lateral stiffness
through the frame there however the
upper part of the frame is extremely
small a small in comparison to those
troops I've just mentioned and this
allows for the for the vertical
compliance
now with the TCC concept which was tuned
compliance concept which we have seen
for the last three years on a
top-of-the-line racing bike the team
machine which Cadel Evans road to
victory at the Tour de France in 2011 we
had to go one step further to make this
bike even more compliant and comfortable
but without losing any lateral stiffness
we've achieved that with what we call
angle compliance so you'll see these
bins in certain parts of the frame
especially in the rear triangle there
that angle compliance allows once we
once we integrate the carbon the carbon
fibers how we do the lay off of that
this is what's causing or actually
flexing and causing this fantastic
concept called angle compliance this
gives you the amazing comfort and
comfort feel when you're doing the right
now we haven't just focused on the on
the compliance in those areas but also
the whole geometry has changed for the
first time BMC has now entered into the
endurance category so you'll see in a
geometry here that is different to the
racing geometries of heads and four on
the on the team machine and the racing
bikes however the bike is you see I
compliant and like I mentioned at the
start this bike was used by the BNC
racing team we don't do special special
bikes for frames for the team the exact
same frame alessandro ballan came third
and imperative a this year the first
time it was written that's the same
frame that you'll be buying and writing
when you when you buy the bike off the
show
have a very good very easy to understand
visual representation of what angle
compliance
have you a giant triangle basically
because a bicycle frame is made up of
two triangles
and it's clear to see that a standard
element or a standard true if I if I try
and compress it how can happen to get
very little compression okay
however if I take one of those elements
and I put a bend in it under compression
you see what happens
compression that is exactly the concept
was done
gfo 1 and the GF 02 by these angle
compliance elements in the frame and are
very easy to see I've been lucky enough
to spend a fair bit of time on a GF 01
and my overriding impression of it is
actually it's probably the most
comfortable back of it written and it's
definitely my kind of bike as I guess
what I consider myself to be a sportif
rider yeah a little bit moving on a
little bit in years perhaps and it suits
me down to the ground it's got the
responsiveness when you when you kick
down on the pills but it's got a comfort
to get you through those long hours in
the saddle thanks to all that hard work
he's got to put into it into the frame
and also some other things like guitar
solution so like 28c tires it's a little
bit to it and
yeah it's a fantastic bike yeah for
grinding out those long miles and not
feeling completely crippled at the end
of it so yeah I should probably be
putting my hand in my pocket at some
point and get myself one of these
nothing